README.md, before:

# 3DSTownSquare
3DS Town Square (3DSTS) is a website built and designed for the Nintendo 3DS.
# Supported PHP versions

The only tested versions is 7.4.29, and errors may ocurr if ran in PHP 8.

# Installation

Just drag and drop into your server, no MySQL configuration required!

# How Old is This Repository

You should check the date of the first commit. As for the first time the index was ever worked on, it was April 28th.

# What is your goal?

My goal is to create something similar to 3DSPlaza and Home4DSi, all while trying to support all platforms. The reason for all this is that **3DSPlaza and Home4DSi are down forever**, if this is news to you and you used to use 3DSPlaza and Home4DSi, please visit each respective sites on the matter.

# Ok, but why?

As with most people who used 3DSPlaza and Home4DSi, these sites were apart of my childhood and helped me build interest in the world of Nintendo. 

To make sure this doesn't have the same fate as 3DSPlaza and Home4DSi, this project will be open source forever, at least until something happens that will make me make it closed source. If that ever happens, know that you can always access this repository.

# More details

You are free to remix any of my code. You must link back to this repository at the least. Since this is a free, open source, project, I will not be making any money off of it, except for donation, which are currently unavailable at the time.

Commit message:

Add Discord 2-Way Bridging to README.md

README.md, after:

# 3DSTownSquare
3DS Town Square (3DSTS) is a website built and designed for the Nintendo 3DS.
# Supported PHP versions

The only tested versions is 7.4.29, and errors may ocurr if ran in PHP 8.

# Installation

Just drag and drop into your server, no MySQL configuration required!

# Discord 2-Way Message Bridging

To setup Discord bridging you need a Discord bot (an open source repository will be available soon), and a Discord webhook.

In `dhook.global` you need:

- A Discord webhook URL

In `dkey.global` you need:

- A unique identifier, do not share this to anyone, and if you are uploading the code to any site, please omit these files.

Without a webhook, messages refuse to send via Discord. This is why you need both for them to work.

You could have webhook working alone, but not sending messages.

This is the most advanced feature of this project, and it is soon to be picked up by many other developers in the chat scene.


# How Old is This Repository

You should check the date of the first commit. As for the first time the index was ever worked on, it was April 28th.

# What is your goal?

My goal is to create something similar to 3DSPlaza and Home4DSi, all while trying to support all platforms. The reason for all this is that **3DSPlaza and Home4DSi are down forever**, if this is news to you and you used to use 3DSPlaza and Home4DSi, please visit each respective sites on the matter.

# Ok, but why?

As with most people who used 3DSPlaza and Home4DSi, these sites were apart of my childhood and helped me build interest in the world of Nintendo. 

To make sure this doesn't have the same fate as 3DSPlaza and Home4DSi, this project will be open source forever, at least until something happens that will make me make it closed source. If that ever happens, know that you can always access this repository.

# More details

You are free to remix any of my code. You must link back to this repository at the least. Since this is a free, open source, project, I will not be making any money off of it, except for donation, which are currently unavailable at the time.
